You know, looking back, I would say, “Well,
that was really naive of us.” And in fact,
we should have always been prepared for that.
We’re an easy target. And certainly, there are
some really vulnerable folks, more vulnerable
than I would, per se, be. In terms of privilege,
I am a white, cisgendered female. [smiling]
Middle-class now. Certainly, older. Don’t get
the kind of harassment that people of colour
do, particularly Black folks and Indigenous
folks. And it was... Is a mistake of ours, not to
actually think of that in advance. If I look back,
I would go, “Mm.” You know, pretty much everybody
that was leading the committee that evening were
white. And I think if we started to be
worried about the involvement of cops,
it would’ve been really important for us
to actually seek the leadership of BIPOC
folks in terms of the preparation for that, or at
least talk to folks and say, “This might happen,”
so that there was some knowledge going in. And,
“These are the things that we do.” And “What would
you need?” So that’s the kind of stuff that I
think about now, that we didn’t think about then.